Barrett students:



We have a very exciting next two weeks of Lewis Center programs including a keynote with ROBERT KIYOSAKI on Monday 2/21! We will be giving away tons of books and board games at Kiyosaki’s program. You can register for all Lewis Center programs HERE.



    Speaker Series: I Just Graduated! Now What? A Fast-Paced Journey, Navigating the First Ten Years Following Graduation

TOMORROW Wednesday 2/16, 6:30-7:30pm, Vista del Sol Community Center & Zoom. Register for all programs HERE.



Description: The Lewis Center is hosting Andrew Atkinson, Vice President and Partner of INSURICA Southwest, a national commercial insurance agency with 29 offices and 153 producers. Andrew is a leader, mentor and is consistently one of the top 5% producers nationwide. He is a master of interpersonal relationships, focus and execution, and making time for the things that matter. He has always approached life with transparency and humor, is beloved by most people who know him, and embodies the tenacity to be a high-performance achiever.  Join this engaging program as Andrew shares his dynamic experience in the decade after college - and as he gives you insights to set yourself up for success and happiness in your defining decade!



    Workshop: How to Buy a Car Like a Professional Negotiator (in-person attendance is almost sold out, Zoom available to all)

Friday, 2/18, 1:00 – 2:30, Sage South 141 & Zoom). Chipotle lunch is included. Register for all programs HERE.



Description: The Lewis Center is hosting Scott Kaufmann, Managing Partner of Highnoon and the founding Executive Director of the T.W. Lewis Center for Personal Development. Back by popular demand, Scott will be leading his cutting-edge workshop on How to Buy a Car Like a Professional Negotiator. Do not miss this opportunity to learn how to buy a car using professional negotiation tactics grounded in finance principals - principals that have been proven to work! This workshop will take the stress out of buying car and will teach you how to actually enjoy the process while also saving money!



    ROBERT KIYOSAKI KEYNOTE Speaker Series: Making Money vs. Making a Difference

Monday 2/21, 6:30-7:30pm, Vista del Sol Community Center & Zoom with watch parties at Poly & Downtown! Register for all programs HERE.



Description: The Lewis Center is honored to host Robert Kiyosaki in a keynote speaker series program. Best known as the author of Rich Dad Poor Dad—the #1 personal finance book of all time—Robert Kiyosaki has challenged and changed the way tens of millions of people around the world think about money.



Robert has been heralded as a visionary who has a gift for simplifying complex concepts—ideas related to money, investing, finance, and economics—and has shared his personal journey to financial freedom in ways that resonate with audiences of all ages and backgrounds. His point of view is that the “old advice”—go to school, get a job, save money, get out of debt, invest for the long term, and diversify—has become obsolete advice in today’s fast-paced ever-changing world. His Rich Dad philosophies and messages challenge the status quo and his teachings encourage people to take initiative to become financially educated and financially free.

    Speaker Series: Paving a Yellow Brick Road Out of Granite – Thriving Through Adversity

Wednesday 2/23, 6:30-7:30pm, Vista del Sol Community Center & Zoom. Register for all programs HERE.



Description: The Lewis Center is hosting Lorraine Bergman, President and CEO of Caliente Construction - the largest woman-owned general contracting firm in the state of Arizona. Caliente has over 90 employees, has been in business for 29 years, has completed over 4,200 construction projects and under Lorraine's leadership, has thrived through tremendous adversity. In addition to her business success, Lorraine has been a pillar of the community - leading by her example of service and commitment to the greater good.

Join us as Lorraine shares how she and her team have paved a yellow brick road when life gave them granite.



RSVP now to hold your seat at these innovative programs. See you there!